Parse bootloader configuration from kernel's Cargo.toml (#73)
rust-osdev/bootloader: README.md

```toml
[package.metadata.bootloader]
# The address at which the kernel stack is placed. If not provided, the bootloader
# dynamically searches for a location.
kernel-stack-address = "0xFFFFFF8000000000"

# The size of the kernel stack, given in number of 4KiB pages. Defaults to 512.
kernel-stack-size = 128

# The virtual address offset from which physical memory is mapped, as described in
# https://os.phil-opp.com/paging-implementation/#map-the-complete-physical-memory
# Only applies if the `map_physical_memory` feature of the crate is enabled.
# If not provided, the bootloader dynamically searches for a location.
physical-memory-offset = "0xFFFF800000000000"
```

Note that the addresses **must** be given as strings (in either hex or decimal format), as [TOML](https://github.com/toml-lang/toml) does not support unsigned 64-bit integers.

## Requirements

You need a nightly [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org) compiler and [cargo xbuild](https://github.com/rust-osdev/cargo-xbuild). You also need the `llvm-tools-preview` component, which can be installed through `rustup component add llvm-tools-preview`.

## Build

> The simplest way to use the bootloader is in combination with the [bootimage](https://github.com/rust-osdev/bootimage) tool. This crate **requires at least bootimage PLACEHOLDER**. With the tool installed, you can add a normal cargo dependency on the `bootloader` crate to your kernel and then run `bootimage build` to create a bootable disk image. You can also execute `bootimage run` to run your kernel in [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/) (needs to be installed).

Reviewer: I published the required bootimage changes as version 0.7.7.

```suggestion
The simplest way to use the bootloader is in combination with the [bootimage](https://github.com/rust-osdev/bootimage) tool. This crate **requires at least bootimage 0.7.7**. With the tool installed, you can add a normal cargo dependency on the `bootloader` crate to your kernel and then run `bootimage build` to create a bootable disk image. You can also execute `bootimage run` to run your kernel in [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/) (needs to be installed).
```
